[hipSOLVER] Remove double underscores in gtest names (#5954)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipsolver/CHANGELOG.md

### Added
### Changed

* Replaced occurrences of double underscores in test suite names within benchmarking client

>     * e.g., `checkin_lapack/GETRS.__float/0` was changed to `checkin_lapack/GETRS._float/0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replaced occurrences of double underscores in test suite names within the benchmarking client, for example, `checkin_lapack/GETRS.__float/0` was changed to `checkin_lapack/GETRS._float/0`.
```
